COMEDY

After losing Vanessa (Morena Baccarin), the love of his life, 4th-wall breaking mercenary Wade Wilson aka Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) must assemble a team and protect a young, fat mutant Russell Collins aka Firefist (Julian Dennison) from Cable (Josh Brolin), a no-nonsense, dangerous cyborg from the future, and must also learn the most important lesson of all: to be part of a family again.


This swash-buckling tale follows the quest of Captain Jack Sparrow, a savvy pirate, and Will Turner, a resourceful blacksmith, as they search for Elizabeth Swann. Elizabeth, the daughter of the governor and the love of Will's life, has been kidnapped by the feared Captain Barbossa. Little do they know, but the fierce and clever Barbossa has been cursed. He, along with his large crew, are under an ancient curse, doomed for eternity to neither live, nor die. That is, unless a blood sacrifice is made.


Adam Reed, age 12 and still grieving his father's sudden death the year before, walks into his garage one night to find a wounded pilot hiding there. This mysterious pilot turns out to be the older version of himself from the future, where time travel is in its infancy. He has risked everything to come back in time on a secret mission. Together they must embark on an adventure into the past to find their father, set things right, and save the world. As the three work together, both young and grown Adam come to terms with the loss of their father and have a chance to heal the wounds that have shaped them. Adding to the challenge of the mission, the two Adams discover that they really don't like each other much, and if they are to save the world, first they need to figure out how to get along.


HORROR

John Form has found the perfect gift for his expectant wife, Mia - a beautiful, rare vintage doll in a pure white wedding dress. But Mia's delight with Annabelle doesn't last long. On one horrific night, their home is invaded by members of a satanic cult, who violently attack the couple. Spilled blood and terror are not all they leave behind. The cultists have conjured an entity so malevolent that nothing they did will compare to the sinister conduit to the damned that is now... Annabelle


In 1977, paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren travel to London, England, where single mother Peggy Hodgson believes that something evil is in her home. When Peggy's youngest daughter starts showing signs of demonic possession, Ed and Lorraine attempt to help the besieged girl, only to find themselves targeted by the malicious spirits.


In the Town of Derry, the local kids are disappearing one by one. In a place known as 'The Barrens', a group of seven kids are united by their horrifying and strange encounters with an evil clown and their determination to kill It.


fantacy

Jumanji, one of the most unique--and dangerous--board games ever, falls into the hands of the curious teen, Alan Parrish, in 1969. Mysterious and magical, the game strands the unsuspecting boy in the lush, savage forests of a mythical realm. Nearly three decades later, the game releases him before the awed eyes of the young orphaned siblings, Judy and Peter Shepherd. Now, the wild and incessant beat of the jungle's tribal drums is calling for the now-adult Alan and the other hesitant players, as the one who rolls the dice must never leave undone what the roll has started. Has anyone ever escaped from the game and Jumanji's formidable foes?

Two treasure hunters uncover a sealed tomb and awaken a mummy that has waited years to come back and wipe humanity from the face of the Earth. It's a race against time as they try to stop the Mummy from wreaking havoc on the modern world.

bollywood romatic

Depressed after the passing of his father (Dharamraj) and a ditching by his gorgeous girlfriend, Mumbai-based businessman Aditya Kashyap takes a BEST bus, goes to the Chatrapati Shivaji Train Terminus, and boards a train. There he meets Geet Kaur Dhillon, who is returning home to Bhatinda, and who pays for his ticket. At Bar Nagar, he decides to leave, but she follows him, missing her train. They manage to get a ride to Ratlam, miss the train again, but eventually make it to Bhatinda. Once there, he gets to meet her family, her pretty sister Roop as well as her to-be betrothed, Manjeet Singh Mann. Before the engagement can be finalized, she manages to convince her fiancé that she wants to marry Aditya. Before Aditya can take stock of these new developments, she elopes with him - not to get married but to re-locate to Manali where her true love, Anshuman, awaits, and to whom she hopes to get married


The word 'Love' itself brings along with it a plethora of feelings and meanings, which has constantly changed overtime.While the expression of love has changed over the years gone by, does the emotion still remain the same? Has anybody figured out the perfect path towards love? Love Aaj Kal is a movie that tackles this ever-changing dynamic of being in and finding love. Our protagonists, Veer and Zoe traverse this tricky path of love while trying their luck in finding the answers to these questions.

The word 'Love' itself brings along with it a plethora of feelings and meanings, which has constantly changed overtime.While the expression of love has changed over the years gone by, does the emotion still remain the same? Has anybody figured out the perfect path towards love? Love Aaj Kal is a movie that tackles this ever-changing dynamic of being in and finding love. Our protagonists, Veer and Zoe traverse this tricky path of love while trying their luck in finding the answers to these questions.